c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiSolicitudes.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiSolicitudes.pdb
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.dll
c:\users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.pdb
C:\Users\iwilson\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApiSolicitudes\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\apinet\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\apinet\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.dll
D:\apinet\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.pdb
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiSolicitudes.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiSolicitudes.pdb
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiCore.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\ApiCore.pdb
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.dll
D:\ProyectosGITHUB\NVKAPI01\ApiSolicitudes\obj\Debug\ApiSolicitudes.pdb
